## Introducing the STReaC (Spike Train Response Classification) toolbox
This repo contains all the data and figures for the publication:

John E. Parker et al. "Introducing the STReaC (Spike Train Response Classification) toolbox". In: Journal of Neuroscience Methods (2024), p. 110000. doi: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jneumeth. 2023.110000

Please use the above citation if using the STReaC toolbox in a publication.

A Python virtual environment is advised and is assumed in all instructions in this README.

For any questions or issues please contact the owner of this repository.

## Running STReaC on example data set for figures.
Data is stored in `examples` directory. Steps to reproduce all figures are as follows:

1. Be sure that the following directories have been created: `figures` and `methods_results`.
1. Copy `scripts/run_methods.py` to STReaC directory: `$ cp scripts/run_methods.py /path/to/streac`
2. Activate virtual environment in STReaC directory and run script: `$ python run_methods.py`
3. Wait patiently, once completed output will be in `/methods_results/`.
1. Check all figure files and be sure to change any designated paths. This is at the top of the script. The string `/path/to/streac` should be changed to the appropriate path on your machine to where the STReaC toolbox repository resides. 
4. All figures can then be run from within the `scripts` directory: `scripts (main) $ python run_all_figures.py`
5. Individual files can be generated by simply running: `$ python FIG_FILE_TO_GENERATE.py`

STReaC toolbox repository: [https://github.com/jparker25/streac](https://github.com/jparker25/streac) 

## Individual Figures
Here we assume you have already run the STReaC toolbox on the example data set and activated the virtual environment for this repsoitory.

Figure 1:`python figure_1.py`<br />
Figure 2: `python figure_2.py`<br />
Figure 3: `python figure_3.py` <br />
Figure 4: `python figure_4.py`<br />
Figure 5: `python figure_5.py`<br /> 
Figure 6:`python figure_6.py`<br />
Figure 7: `python figure_7.py`<br />
Figures 8-11: `python figures_8_to_11.py`<br />


## Python Virtual Environment
Python version 3.10.9 was used to implement this repository.

Please see [https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) for instructions on how to create a virtual environment on your machine.

Then, read in required Python modules via `$ pip install -r requirements.txt`